Add max message size to docs (#645)
xmtp/xmtp-dot-org: docs/faq.md

Have other questions or ideas about message formats and metadata? Post to the [XMTP Community Forums](https://community.xmtp.org/).

### Does XMTP have a maximum message size?

> Yes. Messages sent on the XMTP network can be up to 1MB only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Messages sent on the XMTP network are limited to just short of 1MB (1048214 bytes).
```
